Buyer Beware! I cannot endorse or recommend this product.  This device is intended to be pushed software updates and/or fixes regularly, but how do Echo developers know when there is a bug in the software that is causing an issue if all they want to do is replace it with a new one at your cost?  I received my unit March 2015.  It worked as advertised, and I was really impressed with the speaker it came with.  Fast forward to summer 2016, I started having an issue; the unit's speaker would become mute, intermittently, for a reason that could not be explained.  The only way to get it to work, again, is to power down the device.  It started to happen about twice a month for a couple months, and, then, became more frequent as time progressed.  I know the Echo can hear me; the lights light up and, if I open the phone app, I see it responded.  I ensured the device was not on mute.  After so many incidences, I called customer service around fall 2016.  We factory reset the device over the phone, and that was all they could do for me.  They called me back the next day to see if it was acting up, again.  It had not.  Not until a week later did it act up, again.  Naturally, I called customer service back.  I asked if it could be a software bug.  I don't want to believe that the speaker is going out, especially if the issue consistently occurs around the same time of day, and it even goes mute after songs would finish playing. Since the Echo is out of warranty, the representative offered to replace the device at a reduced cost.  I declined.  The representative said he would write a note to the developers to pose the question, and he would get back with me.  He did as promised and was emailed with instructions to acquire a return label from customer service and send it in for them to take a look at it.  I left on business for a bit, came back, and called customer service for the return label weeks later.  Now, a different representative says there is nothing I can do except purchase a new one.  I hope your experience with this device is better than mine.
