If you're like most people you probably feel like you are missing your hand when you don't have your cellphone with you. I'm starting to feel the same way when I don't have Alexa near by. I've been watching the Amazon echo since the initial purchase invites for prime members. I couldn't convince myself $200.00 was worth what was being offered. fast forward 2 years later. I've been able to watch multiple reviews, and see extensive videos showing the full potential of this device. When the price dropped to $139.00 my love for tech and curiosity got the best of me. I pulled the trigger and purchased what I thought might end up being a fancy bluetooth speaker, which I really didn't need since I have a satellite surround sound system that is wireless and runs off of bluetooth. Now after a few months of use I can say that Alexa has grown on me and become something I use through out the day. An amazing apspect of this device is Alexa knows what I am saying without precise verbage. My Camaro I have to use precise commands nd speak after appropriate prompts. Talking to Alexa is natural. No pauses aftee waking her with the trigger name "Alexa". I started with listening to music and found that no matter what I wanted to listen to she could find it in seconds. I started using the daily flash briefing daily, adding and checking calendar reminders. I used the timers when I was cooking I'd just walk off and watch TV. Then I started using the shopping lists to add things I needed to pick up at the grocery store. I started checking the weather more often and traffic pattern for my commute to work. I've used Alexa to check facts and pull info from wikki. I love that I can connect my bluetooth devices just by saying Alexa connect "bluetooth device". I can listen to my news stations when I get home instead of just in the car on the way home. With in a week I was in a routine with Alexa. I'm noticing that I'm fumbling with my cellphone less and less these days.I noticed that the 2nd generation dots were on sale and wanting to get the most out of my echo I purchased 3, and 2 TP Link smart plugs. I now have my living room lights and bedroom lights set up on my echo. I can control any set of lights from any of the rooms now. I typically come home with my hands full and it's nice just to tell Alexa to turn the living room lights instead of struggling for the switch. If I go to bed and forget to turn off the living room lights I just tell my dot to do it from the bedroom. I like being able to turn my lights on and off from my bed without reaching for  lamp in the dark or walking across the room. It's now habbit for me to cut the lights off using Alexa by voice as I go to sleep. I've also stopped using my alarm clock and use the dot in my bedroom now. My wake up times change from day to day and it's so much easier telling Alexa to set the time then fumbling with my alarm clock. I also like that I can tell Alexa to stop the alarm rather then fumbling for the switch, and the alarm is much more pleasing to wake up to. ***Update*** I bought a Harmony Hub and have my TV, surround sound, and Roku set up. I also have my PS4 and Gbox Q inputs set up when the tv and surround sound wake. It's awesome everything I want on at one time and off at one time. My Roku will even go straight to my Amazon movies. I can even have everything turned on or off in the living room from my dot in the bedroom. Honestly the Harmony hub is really a pain to set up and I have not trained it to do anything other than turn my devices off and on. I'm still pleased with the devices. At first my wife was hesitant to accept Alexa, she was surprised the first time Alexa said "Hi" to her and still using the light switches to turn off the lights. Now I see her using Alexa more often, slowly Alexa is becoming a part of her daily routine. I missed Alexa so much when I was at work I ended up buying another Echo dot for work, and now enjoy having all the benefits at work and home. This product is a big thumbs up and the price for the dots right now make this purchase an easily affordable one for Christmas presents. I've now bought one for most of my family.
