I waited a long time to buy myself this Christmas present (Merry Christmas to ME!) and I have to say, in the month and a half we have had it we are having a lot of fun with Alexa and also finding her useful and easy to use. I think anyone would enjoy and use this item. I did go back and forth a bit between purchasing this platform or Google Home (largely because we are Android/Google users) but in the end I chose Alexa because of the sale ($139 at Christmas) and I'm such a huge Amazon Prime user, it just makes sense. I haven't yet used it to order or re-order product (I'm such a stickler for price and other details, I want to see that before I "hit send") but we are enjoying trying out the new Amazon Music Unlimited App and also getting weather updates on command. I love telling Alexa to play my favorite songs, rather than wait and hope they come around on some station. I will warn you, if you plan to watch Youtube instructional videos with tips on using Alexa, do so BEFORE you plug her in! She has incredibly sensitive hearing and kept doing everything she heard the videos mentioning (to the point where I finally decided to unplug her and restart the process later). I also have had one really funny experience to-date. It was a rainy, gloomy day and I was in the mood for something mellow to play in the background while I started my day. I couldn't remember the name of the artist  but there is a woman who plays cello music that my husband and I LOVE. I asked for "Cello Music" but Alexa wants an artist's name or song name (or line from the song) so I tried the only name that popped in my head: I said, "Alexa, play Yo Yo Ma". She retorted something like: "in order to access Yo Ma Jo you must first download the Yo Ma Jo app." So, I said, "Okay. Alexa, download 'Yo Ma Jo' App" all the while wondering what the 'Jo' was about. Immediately Alexa asked if I wanted to access 'Yo Ma Jo' App. I said "sure". She said: "Yo Mama BUTT CHEEKS are SO big, not even Moses could part them". Then, "would you like to hear another?" I almost fell off my chair when I realized I had downloaded the "Yo Mama Joke" App! . But I went ahead and listened to another good 3 minutes of "Yo Mama" jokes and had a good laugh! Get Alexa; you won't regret this purchase! At some point I will also purchase Google Home and I'll come back to do a comparison.
