I bought the Echo for my 83 year old Mother. What a mistake. Maybe some day the unit with have some usable functionality for seniors but for now its just a parlor trick. The software is designed by 25 year olds for 25 year olds. Wow it can turn off a light!  Yippee!! $300 later you can now turn off the lights. Wow. What a time saver!  Can it do anything useful like dial a phone or answer a phone or read a book to you slowly? Not reliably, not easily, and not inexpensively. How about basic music and news?  Sure if you want to pay for music or spend days navigating the Amazon jungle searching for just the right way to finagle they music systems.... yes, there are NO instructions. No local news to be found. So the answer is ....not so much. Not worth much. Real PAIN ON THE  .... I wonder. How many hundreds of dollars will it take to turn on the TV? How complex will the intructions be to install it ... or more importantly how many years will it take for my Mom to learn the sequences to perform basic tasks? The commercial on TV. No. its not like that. Its clumsy and sloppy and does not work unless your diction is perfect and you speak clearly and remember the exact sequence of proper words. Yeah like my Mom can do that. She's freaking 83.  Heaven forbid it will tune to the right channel. So far its been entertaining and not much else... we have successfully avoided paying Jeff Bozo $400-500 to subscribe to the Amazon book/music club .... that the local library provides for free and a music library that we already own ..... because Mom is a billionaire and does not live on a fixed income.  So the good part is that its kept Mom out of trouble and she enjoyed it. It rarely gets any questions correct either .... unless you structure your question perfectly. And the games like Jeopardy? Waste of time. Complete waste of time ..... so thats why it has three stars instead of one.  If you think for one second that this GREAT technology is going to live up to its potential and provide any assistance for elderly parents. FORGET IT.  It made FOR kids BY kids.  They have no clue what seniors can or can not do, how they manage with limited hearing and eyesight. It could be really wonderful for hundreds of thousands of elderly adults.... but now its just a toy for children. Thats where the profit is so thats what it does. It makes money for Amazon so I guess its a success. Otherwise its only a gimmick for ten year olds that will soon wear off even for them.  Save your money and wait for another vendor to provide some products for elder adults.
