From the day the Echo was first introduced, I really wanted one, but it seemed like just a cool novelty, and I figured I wouldn't use it enough to justify the expense.  So I resisted the temptation for so long.  A couple of months ago, Bed Bath and Beyond had a one day sale on the Tap for $79. That seemed a fair amount to risk so I could give the concept a try.  Right away, I found plenty of use for it.  I was stoked when I realized I could ask it to play my talk radio station.  No reception issues and perfect sound!  My under counter radio was obsolete.  And the Tap is great for its portability.  I can carry it to a different room when working, or even take it in the car (using my hotspot) for my Audible books or radio listening.  We've even taken it camping.  My experience with the Tap assured me I needed an Echo as well!  With an Echo, you don't need to walk over to it and push a button to communicate and you don't need to make sure you keep it charged.  Now that I also have an Echo, I can call out with my hands in the meatloaf,  "Alexa, add onions to my shopping list" or "Alexa, set an alarm for 2:20 pm"  or "Alexa, set a timer for 12 minutes.  I talk to her many times a day.  There is a Bed Time Story skill the kids really like, and I've gotten quick math answers when I'm changing up a recipe.  Yesterday we were curious about how many songs Carly Simon composed, so we just asked Alexa.  She doesn't know everything, but she knew that.  Want to hear a particular song from your favorite artist?  Forget getting out your ipod or CD's to find it.  Just tell Alexa what you want to hear. With our Vivint system, Alexa can lock our doors,  turn on security, or change the thermostat.  Next on our list is to get outlets/lights that she can control.  There is a skill that I haven't yet tried where she will spread the word to contacts you've designated, in the event of an emergency. We ask her every morning about our commute and although there are many convenient ways to check weather, there is nothing more efficient than asking Alexa.  We love her to pieces, even when she tells a story like a robot.
