Bought this Amazon Echo right before Thanksgiving 2016.  Decided to take a chance on the refurbished model on a black Friday deal to save $60, and here I am 3 weeks later & I'm so glad I did!  It has same 1 yr warranty as brand new one, if I'm not mistaken.  And so far it's been fantastic, no major problems. Pretty easy to setup too. For starters,  It works directly with both of my Smart Honeywell WiFi Thermostats (no hub needed), and is great at playing or streaming music, either from my Android phone via Bluetooth, or from the Amazon cloud.  it's also good at reporting all types of facts, or asking about movies, weather, news, sports, etc, almost anything you can think of that you could Google, you can ask Alexa.  Oh and I love the shopping & to do lists feature too, perfect for when you think of something you need, but you may not go to store for a couple days,  just tell Alexa right then and she records it to your shopping or to-do list immediately.  When you're at the store, just pull up your shopping list on tbe Alexa app on your phone and it's right there...No more forgetting anything you need from the store!  But as far as Smart Home features go, my only minor complaint (if it even is one) is I wish it could control my existing Honeywell  TotalConnect alarm system, Samsung TV, or garage doors perhaps.  I know it probably could control some of these via IFTT, wifi enabled outlets or smart hubs or similar type add ons, but I prefer it work directly w Alexa if possible.  Plus the add ons & Smart hubs can get kinda expensive and/or be difficult to configure correctly, esp if you're not sure what you're doimg.  The good news is they are always adding new skills and devices it can control DAILY though, so that's a huge plus. So far, I've demoed it to family and friends and they all loved it too.  In fact, a couple friends even bought its sibling, the Amazon Echo Dot for themselves or their spouses for Christmas.  They are gonna absolutely love it, and I'm sure you will too. The only difference between Echo & Dot is the speaker.  If you already have a good Bluetooth enabled speaker, the Dot makes more sense.  Otherwise,  you will probably want the Amazon  Echo.  Unless you wanna fork out $150-200 more for a nice Bose Mini or equivalent speaker, I'd go w/ Echo.
