I really like my Echo but I could only give it 4 stars for a couple of reasons.  Some of this could probably be solved with software updates and if it is I will be more than happy to update my review to a 5 star!  First off the major miss that I can see with the unit is voice recognition.  If you have a personal assistant in the home it should really be able to tell who is talking to it... For example I am the main person who uses the lists and such but I also have Alexa setup to turn on and off the TV or lights but my daughter has realized how this works so she likes to try and give Alexa countermanding orders if she doesn't want the lights on or the TV off... So it would be nice if you could setup different voice profiles on the unit so that if Alexa hears me give an order she follows it but if my daughter does then she might ask my wife or I if that is ok (assuming that's how you have your profiles setup)... It would also give you the option of having multiple shopping to-do lists so my wife can keep her own if needed.  Next the echo does great at understanding what I'm saying assuming a bunch of other people are not talking at the same time I try to give commands... This could also probably be solved by a better voice recognition that way she would only really care about what is being said by the person who said Alexa. Next I wish they would integrate more of their products together..  For example I have a fire stick that has Alexa baked in but the Echo cant control that device even though both of the voice controls for the units are using Alexa which means I have to go find my fire stick remote if I want to use Alexa to search for movies or anything of that nature on the stick.  Lastly my only other gripe would be how limited some of the skills out there for the echo are.  I feel like amazon must have rushed some of the third parties to hurry up and get content out for the echo as for example the harmony hub can start an activity or turn off an activity but cant do much more than that.  While I know they can control the devices through their app on the phone which means that the coding to control the devices through WIFI is there they just rushed to get the skill out for echo and didn't take the time to come up with a good voice control scheme for doing more with it... Like I said before most of these issues can probably be solved with software updates and I really hope they are as otherwise I love my echo and the voice control over my smart home items is a really neat function!  She also does a decent job at understanding what I'm asking for and not a horrible job at picking out key words when other people are talking.  The music quality might not be up to an audiophiles standards but for a casual music listener like me it works great!
