Not sure why all the hype around this product. I am just not impressed with it. I have had it for two weeks and I have come to the realization that my expectations are too high or I am just not smart enough to see the benefit of the Echo. As someone who adopts new devices sooner rather than later, voice activation is not new to me. 8 out of every 10 questions I asked it, Alexa didn't have an answer or didn't understand the question (i.e.: movie, music or science questions. Nothing in-depth). So, after rephrasing it four different ways and getting the same answer of "I don't understand", you sort of stop asking questions. I loved it that when I did get an answer, half the time it said it has loaded a Bing search in my Alexa app. Really? If I wanted that, I would have just picked up my phone to begin with (Android with, yes, Bing as my search engine). On the upside, I haven't had any of the issues I've been reading about regarding playing music or audio books. Of course, I've given up asking for any specific music, so I keep my requests limited to the Artist name or my single, but large, playlist (I've been an Amazon Music user for a long time so I have a large library). It will play my Audible book where I left off and the sound is clear and concise. As some of the reviewers have noted, the lack of a battery is troubling as I am in a large house, so to fully use it, I had to invest in the battery base and support stand (which all work well). Yes, Echo sets timers and alarms, yes it reads abbreviated news stories and a short weather report, but this seems so... eh. I think the word banal works here.  If I want details, I am back on my phone again reading it. After the newness wears off, you start asking yourself why you bought this. If you want it to control household stuff, I can see the value in that, but you have to buy a lot of support equipment to make that happen or already have something it can interact with. I was looking for more of a single source of information, something to answer questions that are easily found on the web, not a dumb on/off switch. There are a couple of interesting answers to questions regarding Skynet or the meaning of life, but that is just someone programing a cute answer, not an intuitive AI. No, definitely no Skynet here, but I would have been interested if HAL was hanging around. I will give it a couple of more days before deciding if I will send it back.
