I have to say Im a tech addict and have lots of tech tablets, PCs ive built and blutooth, as well as smart TVs.  That said where ive compared Google and Amazon for their tablets and tech Ive found something interesting.  Amazon is better in doing what they do and because of the massive collection of books, music and movies...my Prime acct is something i value highly!  Echo was bought for a Xmas gift to myself.  So far ive testes weather daily, had her read my books at nite even if i feel like falling asleep to when i feel im drifting off..I say, "Alexa, stop."  I ask what the deals on Amazon are for Echo owners.  I ask what "skills" are available for Alexa and Ive taken advantage of the free holiday reading such as "The Night Before Christmas." When it was offered just for holiday until 12/31 which i thought was very nice.  I play my music and made a Christmas Playlist of classics everybody really loved and got in the spirit for the holiday.  The build on Echo is solid!  Heavy in hand, nice dim diode on back side where power chord plugs in.  Discrete plug-in adapter just like our Kindle Fire tablets..no monster power brick.  Voice recognition is good and i have a lg bedroom.  I like the idea that tons of more features will be added ea year and that this wont get legacy in 4 yrs like just about everything Microsoft or Google puts out.  Finally, backing up to my comparison to Google tech, I still have 2012 Kindle Fire 8.9" and i have 2 Google Android tables, the Nexus 7 and ASUS Transformer TF700 and its new keyboard.  Now the ASUS especially was a beautiful pc of tech in 2012 but thanks to ASUS never offering any Android OS updates after Lollipop it got slower and slower and its in MINT cond.  Ive reformatted and everything, ive got super fast wifi and its a royal pain to use.  Same thing even worse with the first Google Nexus 7..whats happened is that Google keeps forcing updates of its newest OS which is killing the older RAM and brain in the poor things.  I got the Google Nexus 5 cell as well and guess what, it died first the wifi unit in the thing next it couldnt access internet nothing.  Between the OS force which keeps nagging on the unit til you update or accidentally hit the button and it updates on you..and the sluggish performance on Google tech as it ages...I have to say that Amazon tech remained unphased and kept chugging along, speedier than Google tech.  Silk browser isnt bothering the tablets for constant updates and rendering the tech dead.  This is why i enthusiastically recommend anything Amazon over Google.  This Echo is top notch.  Even the rubberized chords for everything they put out is sturdy and top notch, design is very nice too.  Cases and accessories fit like a glove and as new models come in Amazon gives great pricing on old accessories whether theyre for tablets or i imagine these new pcs of tech: Echo, Dot, etc.  I cant say enough and Im not getting something free here either to review.  Im a tech geek who is just trying to help those noobies out there considering going towards the Amazon or the Google version of this.  Both have major portals and offerings but guarenteed, Google will keep forcing things which bog and break down the equipment you buy.  Im still using my wonderfully working Kindle Fire 8.9" tablet of 2012 and ive put the Google Nexus 7 and ASUS Transformer TF700 up for sale.  Its too bad because Google could easily build an opt out for legacy equip to not have to upgrade its Android OS but it wont and the moment some poor sucker hits upgrade...its so over.  Youve got a paper weight.  My $400 unlocked Google cell phone after 4 yrs died and now sits as a reminder...cant get on internet...others complained and i saw it was a big problem for many owners.
