I have Owned Amazon Echo for Six weeks. I am Totally impressed with ALL she can do. I do have a Amazon Prime account, which makes this a better bonus to own. Actually, If I did not have a Amazon Prime account, I still would of bought a Amazon Echo . This product is a blessing in My household. I would like to bring up that you do need to have "WiFi with her. She has a alarm ,she has a Timer, she has a shopping list, a To- do list. Not to mention all the Apps you can add to your Alexa Amazon Account If you choose to do so. There is always something new that she can do and she will tell you. All you have to do is ask her.."Alexa, what can you do?" She can do Math questions Tell you the weather anywhere in the US, she can give you the time,you can ask her to activate her night light, of which is on for 3 minutes, if you choose. The Endless possibilities of Amazon Alexa ! We also own the Amazon voice TV stick. OMG.. Alexa is on that as well.!!! Oh what fun we have playing the "20 questions game with Alexa. You do have the option of calling her Echo or Amazon or her Famous name Alexa when you speak to her. Just activate that name on your Amazon Alexa account. We also enjoy a joke of the day. She is amusing! She is a great learning tool for children/Young adults. I would say this Amazon product is a great gift at any time of the year. You can also link a calendar to her (Google. Outlook etc..) she will let you know what events you have scheduled."(Alexa, what events do I have scheduled this week?)" And she will tell you. I also purchased a dimming smart light. It works (Links) with Alexa. So when I get home from work, I say ":Alexa, turn on the living room lamp"  and the light turns on!  What a Beautiful thing :) Since this Alexa is only 2 years old, She is still learning from her owners. The more you talk to her, the more she knows and learns. She has plenty of potential. In my Eyes, She is the neatest thing I own, that keeps me Smiling.  Thank you Amazon For this great Product!!!
