Where to start.  Was excited to get the Amazon Echo.  After finally figuring out the exact way you need to say something and how specific you need to be to get her to do anything I honestly kind of hate it.  I have a Nest, just one, like most people who have a Nest I would imagine.  I am supposed to first enable the skill via the app (why my phone needs to control Echo is beyond me), which I did, and you do not have to repeat, so thats just an annoyance but fine, ill get over it.  It is explained that I need to say "Alexa, ask Nest to turn the heat up in the Living Room (Where my Nest is at), half the time she searches Bing (The only supported search engine which seems very inferior to many others), and then tells me she either cant find what I am looking for, or basically she did not understand.  I understand Echo is new and has A LONG way to go to even be a decent product, but come on Amazon.  I try to explain my frustrations to Echo "Alexa" in hopes she would relay the message to Amazon so they could fix it and it could eventually become easier to use, but no, she decides to search Bing, which leaves me more frustrated and I have been known to say "Alexa you're a *****", or something along those lines, but she says "thats not very nice to say", really, leaving me even more aggravated! Anyone who has ever used "Hey Siri" on an Iphone should understand that is rather user friendly, Echo is not.  I would really appreciate Amazon reaching out to me to help fix the problem. You can submit an explanation on "did Alexa do what you wanted", you can click (yes click, because you can only do this via the app) yes or no, and then you can write a comment if you want, and then ask to be contacted, which is ALWAYS a generic email stating they appreciate the feedback, I do not really care if you appreciate the feedback Amazon, I care if you use the feedback and try to fix Echo's issues, which to date still do not work.  Amazon I tried, and I regret.  The only good thing about Echo is that I am the first person I know to have one, which makes me feel pretty cool, but at the same time, maybe everyone else decided to go with Google, which I am probably going to do if Amazon cannot make this worth the money I spent.
