I’ve had the chance to use this device over the last couple of days and I’ve realized that I hate it. The device out of the box does almost nothing. It can provide very terse responses to “Alexa what is...” type questions; provide the weather, or a news update. The novelty of that wears off pretty fast. Beyond that, be sure to get your credit card ready because Echo was designed as a cash collection machine first and foremost. It’s a purpose-built device designed to do nothing more than to force you to pay, on an ongoing basis, large sums of money for streaming media content. In essence, Echo is just a vehicle to ensure that you are constantly spending money under the entertaining guise of a novel robotic voice. Once you stop paying, the device becomes virtually useless again. Think I’m kidding? Music available through their partners requires subscription accounts to use, which financially benefits both parties of course. I understand that “profit” is not a bad word, but I find it idiotic that many music services such as Spotify allow me to listen freely to their music from my smart phone, but if I ask Alexa to play that same music linked my Spotify account I’m told I need to upgrade to a premium account. Here’s another scenario. Have thousands of MP3 files on your Google or Amazon cloud drive? Forget accessing and playing those files directly with your Echo though. You are only allowed to play music from Amazon music store that you’ve purchased directly through them. They allow a very small exception by which you can import 250 songs to your Amazon music library but after that get your credit card back out. Amazon allows you to use your Echo as a speaker to stream music from another smart device such as phone or tablet using Bluetooth. Given that there is no direct profit being made it surprises me that they allow this. It’s likely they had to make this concession as it would have made the device substantially less useful than it already is. It should be noted that Amazon keeps track of every single question command and word that you state, a partial history of these phrases are stored in the Alexa app which you can review. I’m guessing Amazon probably mines all of this personal information and stores it as “big data” where analytic algorithms work day and night in the background to determine your patterns and interests to better market to you to make more money. Like I said before, “profit” isn’t a dirty word and I understand the need and desire to make money from services, but the way this model has been implemented is a joke, and your privacy could be at stake.
